if you had the chance to see what's left
of a Bob Don mansion that once belonged
to the biggest drug dealer in the world
would you do it now if somebody told you
you could also paintball there is that
too far or just a once-in-a-lifetime
epic adventure while in Colombia was
hard to resist such an experience so
even though the mansion was partly
burned down by a rival drug gang seeing
what's left of it today felt like a must
however his bedroom has apparently been
completely closed off to the public so I
guess we'll see if we can sneak our way
in
[Music]
all right so this is one of Escobar's
property this is like that was one of
his getaway spot sheep could come here
in parties we're up in 1985 and it's
named after his daughter lemon Twyla
yeah
hello swears bodyguards would stay here
and his room was up there along with his
daughters were just where that tree is
lost peppers who were the rival like
drug gang came here I think he said what
1993 yeah and burned it down they were
looking for him and they didn't find him
here but they burned everything down
[Music]
[Laughter]
so apparently he designed this bull
right behind us himself like drew the
entire thing it was very specific with
how he wanted it so it's got like a very
unique cut
[Music]
camp at the top of like a watchtower up
here they're really supposed to get up
here
like a security guard watch tower to
watch of any incoming buttons
[Music]
it's mostly just ruins this was burnt
down his house was burnt down the main
area up there that were gonna paintball
in later was bombed yeah it's all kind
of in ruins but isn't it here you to
walk around here I don't know I've never
like felt like that in the been in place
but just because of the history of who
owned that just know that that went down
here I'm getting chills
[Music]
the coke the money the horse she's
covered in mud at Fox
[Music]
cool
the publisher it is chilling like you
can feel something here these
selectively burn marks
this is the craziest amendment I don't
know I'm having this like internal
struggle you know we're coming to
Columbian we're making content but like
we're still talking about Escobar was
just something that they're trying to
get over but at the same time it's such
a big part of the history so many people
are curious and I think as long as we do
it looking at it in an objective way
feel we can like really tell interesting
stories okay we're just trying to
capture our experience experiencing why
Louis Pablo's like legacy in Madison and
the towns around it
[Music]
they'll be messages
we are life
with people on the other team or Israeli
army an idea better get correct hold
this gun gameplay for two seconds Thomas
is at first e7 and Cod so he's got they
come back every 30 seconds so we can't
like wait here and just shoot and hoping
that something will happen we need
people just shooting at the building
while someone runs up and gets the flag
I'm so scared
[Music]
yo dude communicate
oh I see a foot I'm like dick open to
them spitting like that
okay I'm up I'm up I'm going to glide up
in now which is like a beautiful small
town I love the insane insane view from
the top after seven hundred stairs you
get to the top and apparently the view
is crazy so let's go are we almost there
how many more steps almost there right
cool okay we're about six hundred seven
hundred steps
he says tell us be alone
[Music]
the most beautiful pieces I've ever seen
in my life we're all turning into Matt
Matt is hyperbolic but like on this trip
we've received just things that we've
just our stuffs to really experience and
look at this
[Music]
all right walking down less few steps
obviously I'm the last one supposed to
be there at 4:10 it's currently 4:15 and
I'm still at the top most beautiful
thing we're noticing about Columbia is
everything around you know the people
are just beautiful than nature and just
the cities are it's truly a place that's
changing and evolving growing out of its
past and obviously it's past it's still
here and people talk about it but I've
no doubt that Midian is the future
we've just felt so much safer than what
most people warned us definitely if you
ever think of coming to Columbia
obviously be careful and you also get to
enjoy sites like this